Deprecate `project` module (#9944)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/deployments-ux.md

---

> description: Learn how Prefect projects allow you to easily manage your code and deployments.

Reviewer: We probably want to change the title and update the first two paragraphs of this page.

Author: I've updated the tutorial page to not include references to projects 👍

    The above process worked out-of-the-box because of the information stored within `prefect.yaml`; if you open this file up in a text editor, you'll find that is not empty.  Specifically, it contains the following `pull` step that was automatically populated when you first ran `prefect project init`:
    ```yaml
    pull:
    - prefect.deployments.steps.git_clone:
        repository: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/hello-projects.git
        branch: main
        access_token: null
    ```
    If pulling from a private repository, your pull step might appear like below.  Note that the access_token is a "Secret" type, which will be retrieved and inferred.
    ```yaml
    pull:
    - prefect.deployments.steps.git_clone:
        repository: https://github.com/PrivateRepo/test-private-repo.git
        branch: main
        access_token: "{{ prefect.blocks.secret.my-github-secret }}"
    ```
    These `pull` steps are the instructions sent to your worker's runtime environment that allow it to clone your project in remote locations. For more information, see [the project concept documentation](/concepts/deployment/).

>     For more examples of configuration options available for cloning, see [the `git_clone` step documentation](/api-ref/prefect/deployment/steps/pull).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more examples of configuration options available for cloning, see [the `git_clone` step documentation](/api-ref/prefect/deployments-ux/steps/pull).
```

    push: false

pull:
- prefect.deployments.steps.git_clone:
    repository: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/hello-projects.git
    branch: main
    access_token: null
```

A few notes:

> - [each step](/concepts/deployment/#the-prefect-yaml-file) references a function with inputs and outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [each step](/concepts/deployments-ux/#the-prefect-yaml-file) references a function with inputs and outputs
```

```yaml
pull:
- prefect.deployments.steps.set_working_directory:
    directory: /Users/chris/dev/my-first-project
```

In order to successfully submit such a project to a dockerized environment, we need to either:

> - [`push` this project](/concepts/deployment/#the-push-section) to a remote location (such as a Cloud storage bucket)
> - [`build` this project](/concepts/deployment/#the-build-section) into a Docker image artifact 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`push` this project](/concepts/deployment-ux/#the-push-section) to a remote location (such as a Cloud storage bucket)
- [`build` this project](/concepts/deployment-ux/#the-build-section) into a Docker image artifact 
```
